hi everyone my name is Mike strong I'm
the US product manager for Dena
starsky's I'm here today hanging out
with ski gear TV talking about the new
10 2016 product we got coming down the
line big year for deist are lots of new
skis lots of new families really excited
about where we're going in the direction
that we've got the ski ability the skis
is phenomenal been on them myself
skied with some of the magazines so far
skied with a few testers so far and the
reviews are in and they are great we're
really excited about what we got going
here so what I've got in my hand now is
the 2016 cham 2.0 117 117 underfoot
definitely the big powder ski that
Jackson Hole ski Snowbird ski Squaw
Valley ski for those big dump days this
ski features the Sham profile and
evolved sham profile for 2016 new moles
new shapes new profiles we took what we
learned from original sham and
incorporated into Sham 2.0 so long
rocker tip much smoother transition into
that rocker their traditional camber
underfoot for power and stability a
little bit of early rise in the tail
allows you to speed check keep that
comfort level going when you're hauling
and all of a sudden something gets in
your way we've taken the 5 dimensions
side cut that we utilize at a number of
our skis now and we've evolved that it's
a much smoother transition now from the
reverse side cut of the tip into the
traditional side cut underfoot and back
out into the reverse side cut of the
tail which is our pin tail design here
we also focused on the makeup of the ski
the makeup of the materials that we're
using to make a much better balance
we took the Polonia wood core
lightweight and really focused on
balancing the tip and tail flex so that
the ski really flexes around you in the
turn and you feel much more comfortable
in the turn shape if you will there's
not really a spot on this ski where you
can get into trouble you know it's very
comfortable it's very forgiving but it
still skis like a Dena star plenty of
power here you've got a full wood core
with a laminate sidewall when you get
after it there isn't a speed limit skis
well in the POW this is a really fun ski
to sizes 190 and 180
definitely that powder ski and on top of
that it looks good and ski gear TV knows
that if you don't look good
you can't ski good so please check out
the 2016 dynastar skis at any deena star
retailer thanks for hanging out with us
at ski gear TV and the ski profit